UPDATES

Antranig
	* Interviewing another candidate
	* Code review for Justin's UIO+
	* Working through linting with ADTKINS
	* Mega-meeting with Gregg on Monday "stabilising the QSS"
		* In theory this is stabilised (https://media.giphy.com/media/z2ximIXM4LEsg/giphy.gif), at least in terms a minimal definition of what is required for "August"
		* This has been shown to Astea, and they have determined that it will take at least until September
		* It raises a collection of issues we need to deal with in the core, one of them pretty urgently
		* https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3088

Alfredo
	* Interviewing new candidates for Ops Team
	* Fixing Cindy's dev GPII cluster
	* Fixing Ansible roles that we use
	* Working on tasks related to the migration from AWS to GKE

Javi
	* Last week worked on recovering myself from being sick https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_flu
	* Been working on installing UIO+ from our GPII installer
	* Will continue going through the last updates on windows/master and check whether we can update gpii-app with current windows/master. We need to start creating installers for Kavya to test new functitonalities
	* Meetings, Interviews
	* Will try to update/review/merge some pull requests

JJ:
	* Working in more pulls for first wave of settings:
		* Mouse additional features: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3145
		* Finishing keyboard aditional features: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3139.
		* Took some time to look to again to pending settings from onboarding doc due to priority change to high priority:
			*  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vhhzs0pLCYPyLDPXpWNVUrwVvTv8IoGhRHsUUiA7gJk/edit#gid=409694249&range=75:75
		* Started with https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3148 by Gregg petition.
		* Meeting with onboarding team in Monday.

Joseph:
	* Created GPII-3138: Upload/Modify snapset Prefs Safes into CouchDB (https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3138)
	* modifying gpii-dataloader repository
		* created new script to find and delete snapsets (Prefs Safes and GPII Keys) from CouchDB
		* next step is to load in the latest snapsets
		* depends on Cindy's GPII-3138 branch of universal where she added two new views for accessing the database
		* likely have a pull request by the end of the week

Justin:
	* Sorry to have missed everyone at the F2F
	* Just getting back from a long time off (welcome back and congratulations!)
		* Thanks :)
	* UIO+
		* Looking into setting captions on embedded YouTube videos
		* Spoke with Antranig today about the FLUID-6175 PR ( https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/898 )
			* Will address those issues in my FLUID-6177 PR ( https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/903 )

Simon:
	* Another week of no GPII work

Steve Grundell:
    - Had time off (eating tea?) (I thought one drank tea) (brits do eat tea, or at least Steve told me that :P) (in Northern Ireland, tea = dinner and dinner = lunch) (I know, I was just trolling you, sweetheart)
    - Working on changes for service review
    - Need to write a special handler for the windows language solution.
    - Reviewed one of JJ's PRs Thanks :)
    - Thought about the metrics work I'm about to do. 

Tony:
	1. Started pairing with Gio to explore additional options for CI, will report back to the group.
	1. Continued work on linting plugin.
	1. Continued working on and discussing issues surrounding JAWS onboarding and solutions/prefs data in general. (If you need some help to understand JAWS/or other onboarding stuff or just want me to help you with "early" testing, count on me)

AGENDA

(Probably should save for later) Talk about the competing Git integrations on GPII JIRA (thanks Justin for reminding me!). SAVED FOR LATER

Debug logs containing sensitive information

