Updates:
    
Kasparnet:
	* Pull request for RFID changes we discussed in Toronto - there are now events in the flowmanager that gpii-app can use and a /user/:token/proximityTriggered that the RFID listeners should call: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/513 
	* Quick pull request for luminance environmental term: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/514
	* Will look at isConfigurable and makeConfigurable (https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1885 ) in parallel with planning out the details of the upcoming MM work - Count me on this
	* One of my pull requests seem stuck on the CI: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/507 -> https://ci.gpii.net/job/universal-tests/267/
	* More JIRA scrubbing
	* Have to leave arch. meeting early :( Michelle has agreed to chair the remainder

Ale:
	* Reviewing, searching and defining requirements for IoD contracting.
	* Planning onboarding.

Alfredo:
	* GPII-2410 - Updated the GPII HST landing page
	* Published the rest of the VMs in Atlas
	* Tested Tyler's work about Terraform GPII-2388. Everything works as expected.
	* Talked with Steve Grundell about following up the GPII-2390 GPII metrics issue.
	* Received a fix for GPII-2065 "Windows Creators update VM" and testing it.
	* Met with Javi and we did the initial steps of the Release Process of GPII, F2F topic.
	* F2F

Antranig:
	* Helped Fish with GPII app unit tests
	* Chat with Simon about improving factoring of Nexus work
	* Filed some JIRAs about updating Kettle to use the sequence grade IoC Testing system (KETTLE-60)
	* Issued a Kettle pull for the "pull" part of contextualised configs

Cindy
	* Created a new wiki page that lists the approaches that native GPII apps can request client credentials: https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Workflows_to_Request_Client_Credential
	* Planning implementations I can start for protecting the communication btw LFM <> CBFM

Giovanni
	* New CentOS 7 and Fedora 24 vagrant boxes - tested with VirtualBox 5.1.22 and vagrant 1.9.5
		* vagrant box update --box inclusivedesign/fedora24
		* vagrant box update --box inclusivedesign/centos7
		* vagrant box prune
	* GPII-2411 - Tested Antranig's PR to kettle - https://github.com/fluid-project/kettle/pull/33
		* Strings worked fine. Booleans failed. According to Antranig, we got lucky with numbers.
		* Partially blocked by GPII-2409 ("Validate options using JSON Schema")
		* Work can still be conducted on standardizing env var names, etc (will raise topic in GPII arch meeting and continue with testing ideas for container simplification) -- http://lists.gpii.net/pipermail/architecture/2017-May/004558.html
	* Planning on reading more about Terraform for GPII-2412 and GPII-2413

JJ
	* Attending F2F meeting, really great experience to meet all the team for first time.
	* Continue with the UIAutomation work.
	* Created styleguides with Ale for Onboarding projects.

Javi
	* Started working on a Build/Release process doc with Alfredo
	* Being doing a bit more research on chrome extensions - mostly, in terms of accessing 3rd party's local storage
	* Making some space in my laptop so I can review pending pull requests from Joseph GPII-8?


Joseph
	* Attended a very important face-to-face meeting all of last week...
	* Finished changing the Windows Display Settings Handler to provide all available screen resolutions.  But an acceptance test failing -- working on it.
		* https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2404
		* https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/121

Michelle
	* Forked some Kettle test utils for the electron tests with Antranig https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/KETTLE-60
	* Working on https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2401

Sandra:
    - Started to collect next steps and follow-ups from topics discussed last week. 
    https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VYNu4dBDV5couwvZT0i26KCZ-hu9oWNsYlFZ3_FF1QA/edit
    - Updating Core 2. 
    - Looking forward to receive updates regarding onboarding priorities next week from UX, Usability, Pilots and Gregg.

Simon
	* Updated https://github.com/GPII/nexus/pull/9 -- thanks Gio!
	* Chatting with Antranig about code factoring
	* Nexus code cleanup

Steve Grundell
	* The RFID listener stuff
		* Adjusted the RFID listener to work with kasper's update (proximityTrigger)
		* Got the vaio, githens's shitty code built and worked first time

Tony:
	1. Continued researching and breaking down the options for representing component options using JSON Schema in detail for further review at upcoming PCP API meetings.
	1. Will prepare a similar breakdown of UI hint approaches for the following meeting.

Tyler
* F2F: Poutine Is Delicious, Toronto Is Awesome
* GPII-2388: Got kitchen-terraform and terragrunt playing together. Sent my initial proof of concept out to devops team for feedback. They can spin up an AWS environment on their local machines!
* Next is GPII-2399: kitchen-terraform tests under CI
* Terra-skynet
	* Planned for v2


Agenda:

Security meeting scheduling (Cindy)
	* Internal reviews of whether or not (or how) to talk about these workflows with UX team:
		* Workflows to request client credential: https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Workflows_to_Request_Client_Credential
		* Section 2.1 (Manage OAuth 2.0 client credentials at central GPII website): https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Designs_of_Using_a_Dedicated_Process_to_Protect_the_Client_Secret_Assigned_to_GPII_Local_Installation#Manage.2FCreate.2FEdit_OAuth_2.0_client_credentials
	* Other implementations I can start

Participants: Cindy, Colin, Simon, Steve Grundell, Antranig

Pull Requests:
	https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/514 Javi

	
