GPII Architecute Meeting Minutes, March 13, 2019.

UPDATES:

Javi
	* Morphic 1.1.0
	* Created a couple of installers for testing (one before the weekend and another one yesterday)
	* Created a WiX merge module for our installer to bundle sharex - need to send PRs
	* Helped as much as I can in making gpii-app tests passing again - Thanks Tony, Antranig and Cindy for great progress!!
	* The rest of the week I'll be:
		* Continuing to fine tune the sharex module (if it's blocking us from keep going) - I'll figure out after this meeting with Kavya
		* Testing the login solution now that all the pieces are ready

Sandra:
    - New 1.1.0 candidate installer out yesterday, a few issues being investigated. Plan is to send next to the pilot leads for more testing. 
    - Checking with Gregg about this year's face-to-face technical meeting. Looking at 1st week in June (3rd - 7th) in Toronto at OCAD. 

Alfredo:
    - Working on sending the cluster backups to an external project: GPII-2782
    - Some DNS setup for raisingthefloor.org

Antranig:
    - Advising on and merging HA work leading to Morphic 1.1.0 release
    - A bit of review for Windows Service work
    - Continuing to pursue gpii-app integration test failures with Adtkins
	    - These are now very close, just resulting from a single (real) issue https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3791
	    - We will issue a quick hacked fix for this in order to unstick the merging of our tests

Bryan
	* GPII-3677 restoring missing SPI settings
	* Digging through SPI settings handler 

Cindy
	* GPII-3747: Replace /device http endpoint with an internal function call
		* Pull request ready for review: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/752
	* GPII-3784: Transformer does not filter out settings handlers that match any interim setting path
		* Pull request ready for review: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/755
	* Helped with investigating a gpii-app integration test failure
	* GPII-3719: Enhance data model to encode new grant types and security restrictions for keyless logon
		* In progress
	* GPII-3791: Race condition in LifecycleManager session
		* Will work on

JJ:
	* Some work into GPII-3652 tests. R&W pull.
	* Updated some pulls against master.
	* Worked into GPII-3780. Issues with "desktopBackground" transformations. Pull ready for review.
	* Some research/testing for:
		* https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3771
		* https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3792

Joseph:
	* GPII-3333 Tests of cloud baseed flowmanager endpoints, where tests are shared between development and production configurations
		* Removed generation of 'user' keys and prefs safes from package.json (and from testing).
		* Finished tricky merge with master (GPIi-3721 "Enhance Cloud-Based Flow Manager endpoints to support possibility that vault is not yet provisioned")
		* Re-factored adding/deleting 'user' preferences and improved the deletion.
		* Next is to test in GCP
		* https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/718

Kavya:
	* Testing new Morphic installer - Reported few issues reg sharex video capture
	* Testing Demo personas for Gregg

Stepan:
    - Traffic encryption/Istio
      - PRs ready - GPII-3671 - Istio - Move Flowmanager and Preferences to Istio
      - Working on - GPII-3781 - Istio - Move certificates validation to DNS01 challenge

Steven Githens
- Working with Amarja on using the ppt, changes to config to handle the dev cluster certs.  
  Successfully able to edit some settings, add JAWS to prefsets, save them, and use them in Morphic
- Wrapped up latest comments from review on GPII-2966, finishing rewriting it's unit tests to the new couch grade style
- minor tweaking to my GCP cluster
- reviewing UI changes to capture tool save workflow, preparing to do that the rest of the month

Steve Grundell
	- The windows account login
	- Just done the "open USB drive"
	- Started the metrics capture of the QSS usage.

Tony:

	1. Working to help unblock Javi's pull against gpii-app, which needs improvements to avoid a range of timing issues, and to avoid mixing test and production configs.
	1. Continuing work on schema validation of the SR.
		2. Already have validated all SR entries, generic preferences, and test data sets.
		2. Working on adding automatic validation to various kettle endpoints in universal, so that invalid payloads will be automatically rejected.
	1. Continuing to work on UL API synchronisation issues.

Tyler:
* Persistent Disk recovery process is more documented and cluster spin-up is more reliable (and more information is captured when spin-up fails)
 * Working on making cloud envs more portable


AGENDA:

Sandra: Update with Kavya, Javi and other on latest installer, i.e., when can it be sent to the pilot leads?
Issues: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mUZbT5Gb4IDqg0sOSdL42jf-wgm1L05R1B9Efsf3D-o/edit#




