UPDATES:

Michelle:
	* Attended F2F meeting in toronto: https://pad.gpii.net/mypads/?/mypads/group/technical-discussions-4g920a3/pad/view/2016-06-06-toronto-f2f-7ua2o9q
	* Will be working on getting some of the LGS stuff into master (part time) - will be meeting with steve hens and first priority will be the task tray

Alfredo:
	* F2F meeting last week as well doing torontonian things
	* Trying to purchase a license for mod_security, with the help of Sandra
	* Updating GPII package for fedora, updating the ansible roles for this
	* Also trying to help with GPII-1838

Antwarning:
	* Recovering from the return to civilization
	* Working on fixing the main build structure (ie. getting universal via npm install as opposed to git clone)
	* Next up is working on crash recovery - ie. journalling the system changes and restoring from the journal on startup in the event of a crash.

Avtar:
	* F2F meetings as well
	* Worked with Joseph on GPII-1838
	* Sent changes for https://github.com/javihernandez/windows/pull/2 GPII-1826
	* Working on Infusion CI related changes for browser tests
	* Working on QI video tasks

Cindy:
	* F2F meetings last week as well
	* Creating gpii.oauth2.dbDataStore component that is an API for the auth server to communicate with ouch DBs (couch and pouch)
		* Eventually got the first unit test working this morning, with the help from Antranig and lots of debugging. The test is to use gpii-pouchdb to test kettle.dataSource.CouchDB instances. YAY!
		* Completed some API functions, need to add tests for them

Colin:
	* Reviewing and merging pull requests like a boss <----- \o/ Ganondorf?

Giovanni:
	* Researching how better deploy mod_security in our environment for GPII apps.
	* mod_security 2.9 seems to work fine in tests but uses lots of resources and depends on Apache (which we don't use)
	* libmodsecurity v3 is more modern/flexible and plays nicely with nginx <-- focusing here now as it shows more promise
		still beta status, there are some compilation issues on CentOS7 I'm trying to fix now
		need to figure out automated building and RPM package following new nginx module standards


Joseph:
	* Attended F2F meetings last week.
	* Opened GPII-1838 for the ProcessReporter unit test failure only when run with Vagrant auto-provisioned F23
		* Discussed with Avtar
		* Avtar, Alfredo, and Giovanni are convergning on a solution.
		* \o/
		* https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1838
	* Opened GPII-1839, "Acceptance tests should use the Dynamic Device Reporter".
		* Nearly there by changing three config files to merge in the "production" version of the DR -- linux for now.
		* Next to address the same issue on Windows
		* https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1839

KASPER:
	* Got the first discovery tool up and running with the help of Cindy, the plan with it is something along the following lines:
		* Test it with the full system to ensure that all the settings are actually applied on login
		* Modify it to be useful for easily testing the system during development
		* Pull in Mr. Hens' RFID work so we can create tokens - also very useful for easy testing during development.
	* Interviewed a candidate for the QA taskorder from IBM
	* Will leave on vacation on Friday and stay gone for 2 weeks

Simon:
	* Adding extra inputs and outputs to the Nexus Connector component for AsTeRICS


Moving to a single repository model
	* First step towards this is antranigs work on the module structure and npm.
	* Work to do:
		* Antranig is currently working on:
			* Thinking more about or approach to publish artifacts on npm
			* Throw away existing grunt scripts
			* Moving to the standard use of NPM
		* Future: (post July)
			* Add new awesomererer grunt scripts related to publishing
			* Merging several of our  repositories into universal (or whatever our new main repo will be called)


GPII for linux issue


