UPDATES:

Javi
	* Merged a few tiny pull requests from Gio to get rid of ansible's inventory warning
	* Focused on producing an installer for the demo at MS next month
		* It's based on demo-ATIA branch
		* Already merged a few requirements
		* Willing to produce a valid installer by the EOD for Kavya to test - not the final one

Antranig
	* Review of I18N work by Astea
	* Work on "user error manager" for GPII-2831
		* This will interact with the I18N work by Astea - hoisting out hardcoded strings into a bundle file
	* Meetings about schema and I18N interaction
	* "Core API" team meetings with Cindy et al about new data model/snapset provisioning
	* Matchmaker meeting 
	* Working with Cindy on enabling PSP updates to write to the cloud
	* Looking at PSP3 specs
	* General work considering planning and specs, reviewing status for Gregg with Sandra and Javi
	* Meeting about "errors" with the site team which morphed into a meeting about accounts
		* There will be some, even though they are not called that and we do not have a spec on what they will allow to be administered

Cindy
	* GPII-2630: addressing code review comments and also apply Antranig's suggestions
	* Meetings about the next step with snapsets, user keys, PPT
	* Discussion with Tyler, Colin, Antranig about a CD step that syncs up snapsets/demo keys in github dirs with couchdb data
	* GPII-2965: Hook up PSP with Cloud. Just started

Georgi (on behalf of the Astea team):
	* Participated in two i18n discussions
		* Explained the current i18n approach for the PSP to the team
	* Working on the PSP3
		* GPII-2929: About screen
		* GPII-2932: Image associated with preference set
		* GPII-2940: Grouping functionality in PSP
		* GPII-2941: Modify PSP application restart behavior
	* Looked into the issue with the hanging gpii-app tests when assessing the test coverage
	* GPII-2937: Update Electron version in PSP to 1.8.4 (yay!)
		* Created a workaround for the “instanceof Array” issue

JJ:
	* Addressing Steve Grundell comments on GPII-2729 - Windows. Thanks Steve.
	* Working into fixing the issue of acceptanceTests. Confirmed with Javi that it's indeed expected behavior.
	* Reviewed Steve GPII-2772, pure magic, hope I could talk about this more with Steve.
	* Fixing Acceptance tests for GPII-2521, random fail about wallpaper that needs to be identified.

Joseph:
	* FLUID-6271: Buildkite Agent breaks Vagrant Builds (https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6271)
		* Worked with Gio to figure out which failures were buildkite's and which were test failures in my pull request.
		* Resolved with respect to buildkite.
	* GPII-2493: Improving test coverage reports for Windows
		* Modified .nycrc file and made a pull request against Tony's pull request and Tony commented.
		* Working on getting the correct mixture of include/excludes.
		* https://github.com/the-t-in-rtf/windows/pull/1
	* GPII-2927:  Fixed code coverage for process reporter components in universal
		* My pull request has been reviewed by Tony
		* Needs someone with commit access to do a review and maybe a merge.
		* https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/604

Justin:
	* Joined the i18n meeting on Tuesday
	* Working on FLUID-6175 to add play/pause to TTS
		* https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6175
	* Addressing FLUID-6176 code review with the work for FLUID-6175


Kavya:
	* Testing Justin's UIO+ beta version - few observations but no major issues identified
	*  Working on putting things together for upcoming demo.

Sandra:
    - Working on demo to Microsoft by Gregg next month (Javi, Kavya, Steve Grundell)
    - Working on high-level component status for Gregg (Javi, Antranig)
    - Continue to interview candidates for IoD. 
    - Hired a DevOps new team member, start date on 23-April. Sergey Nazarov, lives in Seattle but moving to Portland. 
    - Reposting position for Kasper's replacement. 
    - Met with UX regarding Error Messages/Manager. Good progress. 
    - Meeting regarding Matchmaker Phase 2, follow-up from Tony after he returns. 

Steve Grundell:
    Reviewed some of JJ's work
    Implemented a new way of using the tokens: GPII-2946
    Wrote some bad code for the latest demo
    Investigating how to download language packs. Automatically? Interesting.
    Looking into some problem with uploading the logs to elastic search

STEVE GITHENS

WILL DEFINITELY FILL OUT HIS UPDATES THIS TIME.  THEY'LL BE AWESOME. Will totally do it in a sec when I get to my keyboardl

Tony:
	1. Got an early preview of data we will use to federate the UL with AbleData, our largest data set to date by far.
	1. Met with Kasper, Antranig and others to discuss my taking over some of Kasper's former responsibilities and otherwise helping prepare for the community college pilot.
	1. Sketched out more of the innards of Fluid Schema Lite and reviewed with Antranig, ASTEA and others. Have good feedback to continue moving forward with that.
	1. Continued working on gpii-app code coverage, Georgi from ASTEA provided key feedback to help move that forward.
	1. Looked at Joseph's pull, even I get confused between my instrumentation syntax and nyc. It could be easier.
	1. Off for two weeks starting Monday. I will be online intermittently if there are quick questions, but otherwise out.

Tyler:
    * Sergey joins Ops team on Monday
    * Interviews
    * State of the GPII Cloud demo for Gregg
    * AWS -> GCP migration: Helm charts

AGENDA:0.

	* Quick question:  is there an APCP Windows discussion meeting tomorrow (11:30am CDT, 16:30 UTC)? (Joseph)
		* NO
	* Is that the *other* meeting Antranig mentioned at 20:00 CET (14:00 Cindy Time) tomorrow?  I need to know about that one.
		* Yes, API team meeting is at 2pm EDT  on Vidyo W
		* https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2018&month=4&day=19&hour=18&min=0&sec=0&p1=3364&p2=250&p3=136
	* Review components in JIRA and default assignees
