UPDATES

Javi:
	* Toronto F2F
	* Built an installer for preliminary user testing of QSS
	* Review/test a few pull requests that are pending
	* Will be mostly in vacation mode, but can be on tap if needed ;)

Alfredo:
	* New Ops candidate interview
	* Toronto F2F
	* Working on new common parts of the GPII infrastructure
		* GPII-2951
		* GPII-

Cindy:
	* Toronto face to face
	* GPII-2965: Save PSP updated preferences to GPII cloud
		* The pull request is ready for review: https://pad.gpii.net/p/arch-2018-06-20-x5x4nxe
	* GPII-1990: Clean up cloud endpoints and re-structure flow manager config files for dev and prod modes
		* In progress

JJ
	* Working in GPII-2729, will be ready soon, just need review.
	* GPII-2750, captions? hmm! almost ready to go, will be ready to review today.
	* GPII-1053, brightness support, it'll require some more work
	* Reviewing 1st wave again with Steve - most probably to have almost everything done very soon
	* Thanks Steve for the fast reviews.


Joseph:
	* Toronto APCP face-to-face
	* Create GPII-3120:  Use context awarness grade to implement the PlatformReporter
		* Picked code already implementd in my branch for GPII-1939 (DeviceReporter reports screen resolutions)
		* Created new branch and pull request: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/618
		* Notified Antranig and Javi
	* Working with Cindy learning the GPII data model (Keys, Prefs, Preference Safes)
		* Studying docs and code
		* Looking to see where I could make a contribution under Cindy's guidance.


Kavya:
    Working on  PSP3 and QSS Test plans

Sandra:
    - Good meetings in Toronto. Thanks to the team for your time. 
    - Following up on every item in the August list of reqs first. Expect to have a schedule soon. Will follow then with MViP 2 and MVP (October).

Steve Hens:
	* Toronto IDRC Face to face was awesome.
	* Created/updated a number of jira's with notes from the F2F
	* Working on getting contacts at NOVA to find out more about SSO/CAS/Directory inf
	* Currently working on
		* Continuing to research draft json changes for settings capabilities to run past Antranig/Tony https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2839
		* Continuing to draft the json changes for key/capabilities documents while working on: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2980 and 
https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2966



Sergey:
    * GPII-2960 – couchdb clustering 
    * GPII-3122 – erb templating
    * GPII-3123 – vault integration


Steve Grundell:
    Working on augusts priorities:
        - GPII-2772, GPII-2212, 1716
    - Finishing off IoD phase 0.5
    - Looked at JJ's internationalisation PR


Tyler:
    * F2F
    * Interview
    * gcp rake code is merged
    * Next is CI plumbing. gitlab parallelism is weird


AGENDA

What's the crack with the jsdoc parameter type ordering? no point without Tony and Antranig - yes, Antranig's not here today, neither Steve Githens (but Steve Hens has updates above?) yes,  Yes, he's doing it ahead of time. Gotcha.

Quick question:  is there a Windows meeting tomorrow?
	* If so, I won't be able to attend -- re-schedule? I already canceled it
	* 
	* I'm not here next thursday (stegru)
