Architecture meeting, Sep 5, 2018.

Updates:
    
    Sandra:
        - Some team members worked on a build for a demo to Microsoft by Gregg. It hasn't been scheduled yet. I don't think it's likely to take place on Monday.
        - Started to receive information about the scope of the pilot to the library in Richmond, but no official specs yet. It appears there's a requirements to 
        support up to 200 users with "accounts" through USB stick (similar to what was used in the audit demo). Since Antranig and others are out, I'll schedule a meeting next week to determine what
        the actions on our side will be to support (if any). 
        - DevOps targetting 2-Nov to be FERPA compliant, i.e., able to deploy to the community college.  

Alfredo:
	* Working on tasks related to the GCP infrastructure GPII-3125

Cindy
	* GPII-3193: noUser keyin
		* Addressed code review comments and has been merged
		* George from Astea team hits some errors with using this work with QSS. Some are expected and some are not. Investigating unexpected errors.
	* GPII-3316: Modify solution registry condition for applying high contrast themes to UIO+
		* merged
	* GPII-3318: snapshotter for QSS
		* Need more disucssion with Antranig, but in progress.

JJ:
	* Finished GPII-2809 and GPII-2810. Both of them ready for review.
	* Created pulls and updated work done in May for demo regarding to Onboarding Learning Tools. Work now live in pulls GPII-3320.
	* Updating current openned pulls and working into Steve suggestions, I will be working full time now into this.
		* Right now with GPII-3131 and GPII-3145.

Joseph:
	* Working on the dataloader (GPII-3138)
		* Addressing Antranig's comments.  Some addressed; working on migrating the code to use fluid.promise.sequence()
		* Thinking about how to handle updating of views so that it works every time.  Discussion with Cindy about this.
		* Tyler notified me of other work on the database regarding "warming it up" -- GPII-3250. Wondering about the overlap.
			* https://github.com/gpii-ops/gpii-dataloader/pull/7#issuecomment-418545415


Justin:
	* Spoke with Gregg about priorities for UIO+ work.
		* Updated the planning page based on these
		* No specific timeline for the work yet
	* Working on GPII-2914 ( https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2914 )

Sergio
 - GPII-3250: Pre-warm indices on couchdb
     - https://github.com/gpii-ops/gpii-dataloader/pull/7
     - Need to coordinate with Joseph  (GPII-3138)
     - https://github.com/gpii-ops/gpii-dataloader/pull/6
 - GPII-2865: Investigating security testing and network security policies
 - GPII-3248: Test GPII End-To-End


Stepan:
    - GPII-3209 - Unify components naming, GPII-3214 - Remove GPII_FLOWMANAGER_MATCHMAKER_URL
    - GPII-3296 and GPII-3125 - Testing GCP infra code
    - GPII-2783 High-Level Task: Key Material Handling / Encryption Everywhere

Steve Grundell:
    ðŸ–¤ Bundling filebeat with GPII installer, GPII-3315
    ðŸ–¤ Away most of the week
    ðŸ–¤ Fixed ini file writing an empty object to a new file

Tony:
	* Developed a new "globbing" library and updated gpii-grunt-lint-all to use that instead of Grunt's built in globbing.
	* Used that to create a pull to address the slower linting times in Infusion master, which reduces the time from 60 seconds to 9.
	* Addressed options merging issues raised by Justin in using gpii-grunt-lint-all with infusion-docs.
	* Continued working on JAWS settings onboarding and version support, now seeing empty INI files when I key in.  Will pair with stegru on this later in the week.



Tyler:
    * Keeping logs - https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3324
    * Throwing away logs - https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3327


AGENDA:

Please enter any agenda items here.
