GPII Architecture Meeting Minutes, May 15, 2019.

UPDATES:

Javi:
	* I've been merging a lot of stuff pending from the 1.1.0 techinal debt
		* https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1csR1weQs1OoMmP1R_YbuEcWt017fFKJaikkaw7BAQPQ
	* I've been hotlining many people
	* I'll continue working on the techical debt
	* I'll go over this list https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TkrFUBkbIZ8_pdIsGGVPxSe-aUIgFQ4oP_YypQDOAK0 to identify duplicates, issues that are already solved, ping people to check that issues are solved or not, etc

Sandra:
    - Supporting team members involved in debugging issues at pilot sites. Several racing-related issues are being debugged. 
    - Deployments at NOVA completed last week. No major issues. 
    - Deployment at Orlando library completed. No major issues reported. 
    - Upgrading at AJC3 in progress, Maureen seeing issues on some machines. Debugging in progress.
    - Upgrading at Richmond library scheduled to start 23-May.
    - Morphic 1.2 in progress, no major function being planned. 
    - Worked with Javi in updating the list of techncal debt from Morphic 1.1.0. 


Alfredo
	* GPII-2782 Secure backups, PR sent for this:
		* Restore rake task to make easier the recovering of the snapshots
		* Manage the IAM permissions involved
		* Test the solution using an external GCS Bucket
		* Set the timestamp of the backups to a human readable format.
		* Use the GCR for Docker images
		* Document how to create the destination bucket. It will be performed manually.
		* Document how to restore the cluster using the exported snapshots
		* Check that a basic alert is triggered when a backup fails. The alert "Container Restart Rate" is triggered when the process fails.

Antranig
	* Reviewing and merging things
		* Two onboarding pulls from JJ, Windows Volume and System Brightness
		* Cindy's fix for matching preference/setting path keys from the user's prefs set to the solutions entry
		* ADTKINS work on schema validation
		* Some review on PPT
	* Meeting with Gregg/HA about next UI cycle
	* Meetings about enhanced data model and auth grant type for NOVA

Bryan
	* PR up for GPII-3119
	* PR up for GPII-3675
	* Draft PR incoming for GPII-228

Cindy
	* GPI-3784: Improve the transformer algo to match user settings with settings to be handled by solutions
		* Discussions and adjustments. Pull request is ready for another review: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/755
			* - It was merged Thanks Antranig
	* Meetings about the enhanced data model and auth grant type for NOVA

JJ
	* GPII-3864: Adressed small feedback and got merged.
	* GPII-3886: Finishing work with StartMenuLayout, new problem found during development.
		* Registry keys need are only reachable with super-user persmissions. We will need to delay the feature until being able to do this from service.
	* GPII-3886: Finishing also work with Taskbar pesonalization.
	* Started working into next feature for "Desktop Icons".
	* Thanks for the merges!

Kavya:
	*     Going through Morphic 1.2 new features
		* Next step is to start working on Testplan document

Sergey:
    GPII-2862: Forseti integration
	    - Real-time enforcer
	    - Using log-based metrics for alerts on VM spin-up events

Stepan:
- Traffic encryption / Istio theme (GPII-3671 Istio - Move Flowmanager and Preferences to Istio)
  - Rolled back Istio phase 3 (move to Istio ingress gateway -> encryption between ingress and services)
    - Kubernetes Garbage Collection issue - GPII-3903 Investigate istio-ingressgateway-certs secret issue
      - only on ephemeral clusters, only like 1 in 4-5, pursued some dead ends befor figuring this out
      - does not seem to be happening in 1.12 ->
  - Done - GPII-3909 - Upgrade to Kube 1.12

Steven Githens:
    - wrapping up PR and everything to tag a ppt 1.0 before toronto
    - minor organization and meetings about capture tool and metadata cleanup

Tony:

	1. Working on the initial universal validation pull with Antranig.
	1. Preparing to require schemas for all supported settings by
		2. "overboarding" legacy SR data like Maavis and Sociable.
		2. Adding schemas for partially onboarded settings.
	1. In discussion with Steve Grundell, figured out that schemas for all SPI settings needed to be updated to match what we actually store and pass around.  Did so.
	1. Also sketched out schema inheritance and reuse approaches to discuss with Antranig ahead of the upcoming LSR effort.

Tyler:
* Binary authorization for GKE
* FYI: Deleting old Docker images


AGENDA:
* Changes to universal - who is watching?
	* Decision: stop automatic updates of gpii/universal -> gpii-infra/versions.yml. Tyler will do this
	* https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3919

