Infrastructure Meeting Notes, January 9, 2017

Happy new year to all

Updates
    
Alfredo:
	* GPII-2067  - Create Vagrant GPII plugin
	* Let's encrypt tasks are running in the control host, only need to update the LBs
	* 

Colin
	* Nice chat with Tyler to give him a quick orientation to some of our stuff on Thursday

Agenda Items:
    
Next steps for infrastructure development:
	* aim for a working prototype running in a third-party cloud environment (probably AWS, but alternatively Azure or GCE)     
	* need to make a plan for:
		* which cloud will we do an early spike on?
		* what will be our logging, monitoring, and metrics approach?
		* will we definitely use Kube?
		* what other tooling do we need for orchestration (Terraform, etc.)?
		* how will we manage rolling upgrades?
		* what tools do we need to provide to support developers doing their own testing/builds using the new production-style infrastructure?

What everyone's doing this week:
	* Alfredo: finishing up SSL tasks, fixing bugs in Ansible plugin and improving windows test automation
	* Avtar: new UIs for the QI for P4A
	* Gio and Tyler: Meeting to start the design and planning work for our infrastructure development project
	* We'll meet again 
